Docs: Document `PyExceptionClass_Name` (#135697)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/exceptions.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

.. c:function:: int PyExceptionClass_Check(PyObject *ob)

>    Return true if *ob* is an exception class. This function always succeeds.

Reviewer: This is what we tend to use these days:

```suggestion
   Return non-zero if *ob* is an exception class, zero otherwise. This function always succeeds.
```
